Updates and Revisions to the Cloud Docker Documentation (#6363)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-containers.md

```sh
docker-composer logs -f tls
```

## Sendmail service

You can send emails from your Docker environment when you enable `sendmail` in the `docker-compose.yml` configuration file:

Sendmail can slow down the instancing of containers, it is best to not use it on the cli containers if possible.

```yaml
ENABLE_SENDMAIL=true
```

[Docker architecture]: {{ site.baseurl }}/common/images/cloud/docker-topology.png
[Database container]: {{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-database.html
[CLI containers]: {{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-cli.html
[Web containers]: {{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-php.html
[Developer Mode]: {{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-mode-developer.html
[File Synchronization]: {{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-syncing-data.html
[docker-repo]: https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-docker
[elastic]: https://hub.docker.com/r/magento/magento-cloud-docker-elasticsearch
[mariadb]: https://hub.docker.com/_/mariadb
[nginx]: https://hub.docker.com/r/magento/magento-cloud-docker-nginx
[node]: https://hub.docker.com/_/node/]
[rabbitmq]: https://hub.docker.com/_/rabbitmq
[php-image]: https://hub.docker.com/r/magento/magento-cloud-docker-php

> [redis]: https://hub.docker.com/r/magento/magento-cloud-docker-redis

Reviewer: We use official Redis image

Author: Good catch, also took out that extra trailing ] in this.

[tls]: https://hub.docker.com/r/magento/magento-cloud-docker-tls
[varnish]: https://hub.docker.com/r/magento/magento-cloud-docker-varnish

> 

Reviewer: Extra lines

Author: Removed all the extra spaces.

| [elasticsearch]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-containers-service.html#elasticsearch-container) | Elasticsearch | --es | 1.7, 2.4, 5.2, 6.5 |
| [fpm]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-containers-service.html#fpm-container) | PHP FPM | --php | 7.0, 7.1, 7.2 |  Used for all incoming requests
| [node]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-containers-cli.html#node-container) | Node | --node | 6, 8, 10, 11 |  Used gulp or other NPM based commands
| [rabbitmq]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-containers-service.html#rabbitmq-container) | RabbitMQ | --rmq | 3.5, 3.7 |
| [redis]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-containers-service.html#redis-container) | Redis     | --redis | 3.2, 4.0, 5.0 |   Standard redis container
| [tls]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-containers-service.html#tls-container) | SSL Endpoint |  |   |  Terminates SSL, can be configured to pass to varnish or nginx
| [varnish]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-containers-service.html#varnish-container) | Varnish | --varnish | 4,6 |
| [web]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-containers-service.html#web-container) | Nginx | --nginx | 1.9, latest |

> The `docker:build` command runs in interactive mode and verifies the configured service versions. To skip the interactive mode, use the `-n, --no-interaction` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `docker:build` command runs in interactive mode and verifies the configured service versions. To skip interactive mode, use the `-n, --no-interaction` option.
```

> For example, the following command starts the Docker configuration generator for the developer mode and specifies the PHP version 7.2:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the following command starts the Docker configuration generator for the developer mode and specifies PHP version 7.2:
```

```bash
./vendor/bin/ece-tools docker:build --mode="developer" --php 7.2
```

## Request Flow

> Web requests to https://magento2.docker/ are handled via the docker containers. They will go through the following flow:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Web requests to https://magento2.docker/ are handled by the Docker containers using the following request flow:
```

1. TLS
1. Varnish *
1. Web (nginx)
1. PHP-FPM

> Note that varnish can be removed from the configuration, in which case the traffic will pass from TLS container to Nginx.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that Varnish can be removed from the configuration, in which case the traffic passes from the TLS container to Nginx.
```

## Sharing data between host machine and container

You can share files easily between your machine and a Docker container by placing the files in the `.docker/mnt` directory. You can find the files in the `/mnt` directory the next time you build and start the Docker environment using the `docker-compose up` command.

> Additionally you can share data into the containers using a file synchronization such as Mutagen. These tools are described in more detail in the [File Synchronization] and [Developer Mode] documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can share data into the containers using file synchronization. See the [File Synchronization] and [Developer Mode] documentation.
```

## Container Volumes

> Docker volumes are used to maintain data throughout the lifecycle of the docker containers.  These volumes can be defined in several ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Docker volumes are used to maintain data throughout the lifecycle of the Docker containers.  These volumes can be defined in several ways:
```

> -  in docker-compose.yml or other docker-compose files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  in a `docker-compose.yml` or other docker-compose files
```

-  in the Dockerfile from the [Magento Cloud Docker repository](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-docker)

> -  The upstream docker image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  in the upstream Docker image
```

Most of these volumes are not interacted with, they are just used by the containers and will follow the lifecycle of docker-compose. The only exception to this is the magento-sync directory which is used by Mutagen or Docker-Sync to transport data into the containers from the host OS.

> You can remove all data, and "start fresh" by using:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the `docker down` command to remove all data, so you can restart with a clean Docker environment.
```
